Add examples of private bio/biomed data (closes #188) (#223)
Benjamin-Lee/deep-rules: content/12.privacy.md

## Tip 10: Don't share models trained on sensitive data {#privacy}

Practitioners may encounter datasets that cannot be shared, such as ones for which there would be significant ethical or legal issues associated with release [@doi:10.1371/journal.pcbi.1005399].

> Examples of such data include classified, confidential, ajd trade secret biological data as well as medical records and personally identifiable information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Examples of such data include classified, confidential, trade secret biological data as well as medical records, certain genomic assays, and personally identifiable information [@doi:10.1038/s41576-020-0257-5].
```
typo + add reference for certain types of data in the field that are of special consideration
